README.md, before:

# ProfileGenerator-OOP

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Description

This is a project that runs in the node environment terminal and creates an HTML page for anyone who wants to build a profile page for their team. The user answers prompts about the make up of their team and this program with create an a profile visualization of the whole team.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)

- [Usage](#usage)

- [Contributing](#contributing)

- [Tests](#tests)

- [License](#license)

- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

Node.js and Inquirer are needed to run this application.

## Usage

TBD

## Contributing

Please feel free to contribute to this initiaive.

## Tests

Test is done via Jest and is incorperated in the source code.

## License

This project is covered under the Apache license.

## Questions

Please reach out to me with any questions at hutsonwood@gmail.com. You can also check out my other projects at https://github.com/LHWOOD.

Commit message:

updated the readme with more description detail

README.md, after:

# ProfileGenerator-OOP

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Description

This project is for anyone who wants to build a profile page for their work team. Initially, it runs in the Node.js environment and the user answers prompts about their team and this program will create a profile visualization of the whole team in an HTML webpage!

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)

- [Usage](#usage)

- [Contributing](#contributing)

- [Tests](#tests)

- [License](#license)

- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

Node.js and Inquirer are needed to run this application.

## Usage

Here is a screenshot of the webpage output: coming soon!

Here is a link to a video tutorial of it's functionality. coming soon!

## Contributing

Please feel free to contribute to this initiaive.

## Tests

Testing is done via Jest and is incorporated in the source code.

## License

This project is covered under the Apache license.

## Questions

Please reach out to me with any questions at hutsonwood@gmail.com. You can also check out my other projects at https://github.com/LHWOOD.
